Separate docker compose environments and added documentation (#218)
montera34/pageonex: doc/docker/development-with-docker-compose.md

# Developing pageonex with docker-compose

> If you need to do development in pageonex without the hassle of installind all the dependencies you can use our [docker-compose-build file](/docker-compose-build.yml) which build the application from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to do development in pageonex without the hassle of installing all the dependencies you can use our [docker-compose-build file](/docker-compose-build.yml) which builds the application from scratch.
```

* In order to start the pageonex and mysql containers, run from the root of this repository:
```

> docker-compose -f docker-compose-build.yml up -d --build

Reviewer: It throws this error when running it:
`ERROR: Service 'app_build' depends on service 'mysql' which is undefined.`

Author: Fixed in e599b6c

Reviewer: After the fix it works.
One more thing: I got this message "WARNING: Found orphan containers (pageonex-20181210_mysql_1) for this project. If you removed or renamed this service in your compose file, you can run this command with the --remove-orphans flag to clean it up." and the following error "for mysql_build  Cannot start service mysql_build: driver failed programming external connectivity on endpoint pageonex-20181210_mysql_build_1 (...) Bind for 0.0.0.0:13306 failed: port is already allocated", as I had already create the container locally with docker compose.

I don't know if it is worth mentioning it, see my suggestion. 
Is there an option to run in the same repository two containers so no need to remove database?

The text to ad would be as follows:

If you have previous docker compose installation of pageonex you'll need to remove the containers by adding `--remove-orphans` to the command. You'll lose all the data they contain (users, areas, threads...). Run from the root of this repository:
`docker-compose -f docker-compose-build.yml up -d --build --remove-orphans`
```

Author: I'll see if there's a way for docker-compose to avoid recognising both containers as coming from the same project... There's also the possibility of changing the port where mysql listens in one of the files, which is quite straight-forward

Reviewer: I don't know if related, but I get this error (I don't know if this use case is important to be solved at this moment. Wondering how many people with try to switch between this two ways of working):

1. I run `docker-compose -f docker-compose-build.yml up -d --build` and it works good (works with my locally modified files).
2. Then I run  `docker-compose up` and it works good. I access another instance.
3. Then I run `docker-compose -f docker-compose-build.yml up -d --build`and I get this error and it doesn't launch the app:
```
Building app_build
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "site-packages/docker/utils/build.py", line 179, in create_archive
PermissionError: [Errno 13] Permission denied: '/home/numeroteca/sites/pageonex/app/assets/images/threads/1/2/970/results.zip'

During handling of the above exception, another exception occurred:

Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "bin/docker-compose", line 6, in <module>
  File "compose/cli/main.py", line 71, in main
  File "compose/cli/main.py", line 127, in perform_command
  File "compose/cli/main.py", line 1052, in up
  File "compose/cli/main.py", line 1048, in up
  File "compose/project.py", line 466, in up
  File "compose/service.py", line 329, in ensure_image_exists
  File "compose/service.py", line 1047, in build
  File "site-packages/docker/api/build.py", line 154, in build
  File "site-packages/docker/utils/build.py", line 31, in tar
  File "site-packages/docker/utils/build.py", line 183, in create_archive
OSError: Can not read file in context: /home/numeroteca/sites/pageonex/app/assets/images/threads/1/2/970/results.zip
[1441] Failed to execute script docker-compose
```

Author: I fail to see now how the main docker-compose can be affecting locally the other one. I'm starting to think it may be a good idea to create a separate issue for the development one since it is not the main purpose of this issue... We can work there any issue that appears. What do you think, @numeroteca?

```

* To create the initial database:
```
docker-compose -f docker-compose-build.yml exec app_build rake db:migrate --trace
```

* To get a the rails console (See [INSTALL.md](/doc/INSTALL.md) for instructions on creating an admin user)
```

> docker-compose -f docker-compose-build.yml exe app_build rails console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker-compose -f docker-compose-build.yml exec app_build rails console
```

```

> * If you make changes in the app and you want to rebuild your container

Reviewer: While developing, do changes need to be committed in order to see them locally after rebuilding? 
To test this, I made a small edit, then ran the command below, but I don't see the changes. How should be the normal development flow for local testing?

Author: I think `1aa9de8` fixes it. Can you test again?

Reviewer: it works! 💃 
I don't need to commit or rebuild with docker-compose to see the changes. Great to make developing easier..
